DBT-VERTICA 1.8.5 (#6061)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/core/connect-data-platform/vertica-setup.md

retries	|The retry times after an unsuccessful connection.|	No|	2	|3|
threads	|The number of threads the dbt project will run on.|	No|	1|	3|
label|	A session label to identify the connection.	|No	|An auto-generated label with format of: dbt_username	|dbt_dbadmin|

> autocommit | A Boolean value that indicates whether the connection can set the status of autocommit.| No| True|False

Reviewer: ```suggestion
autocommit | Boolean value that indicates if the connection can enable or disable auto-commit.| No | True | False
```
